do you feel frustrated that your website
isn't generating a steady flow
of inbound sales qualified leads
let's fix that hey i'm sam dunning
co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com
and host of the top 100 marketing
podcast business growth
show the no bs guide to website lead gen
is out today
so since 2011 i've launched over 300
websites and taken companies from
zero to hundreds of inbound leads each
and every month and i want to share my
very best
secrets with you guys this guide is
packed full of actionable tips
without the fluff and we're covering
designing a website to hook idle clients
why what and how when it comes to
measuring analytics
nailing your website page speed the
silent killer of websites
we're sharing copywriting tips general
best practices
how you can nail your ctas your call to
actions how to use
social proof in the best way possible
how to optimize your contact page
and your inquiry forms to hook more
leads making your site a really useful
resource for people right at the top
of the sales funnel right through to the
bottom of the sales funnel for people
ready to buy
utilizing marketing and to drive traffic
to your site from idle prospects
on-site seo so you can make sure your
website is ready to go on the search
engines in terms of content
in terms of technical markup add a whole
bunch of other
really useful tips all geared towards
driving more inbound
more sales opportunities straight into
your inbox or people give me a call
from your website you can get the book
today at website
leadgenbook.com that's website
leadgenbook.com
and i'm running a competition i'm going
to give away
three copies of the guide and with a
chance to win
all you got to do is subscribe to the
youtube channel
and leave a comment below and i will
announce the three
lucky winners at the start of august
so very good luck and with that i'll
catch you very soon